## Hello_World
Hello World! My name is Khang Le and I also go by **Kayla**. I am from **Malaysia**. I completed my bachelor’s degree at Upper Iowa University, double major in Psychology and Communication. I worked in a Chinese multinational technology company. Assisting in business analytic projects, and preparing analysis reports to my department director, I have generated a passion that I want to gain more experience in this field. I have recognized my desire to understand and gain knowledge in the field of business analytics. There are some skills and knowledge I need to learn and improve in order to help my career path in the business analytics world. Therefore, I decided to pursue my MSBA because my knowledge in this field is minimal and I know that there is more to this in regards to being an established business analyst. I have the desire to learn the techniques and skills of compiling and filtering the raw data from databases and creating visualizations for business analysis to help the company understand how a business currently flows and produces. Consequently, I am fascinated with the tools that analytics use like, in general, **Tableau**, **Power BI**, **Python**, etc. in regards to making visual dashboards user friendly and easy to read towards any leadership team. Besides, I want to build my professional network and prepare for a career in the analytics industry.
***Two interesting facts about me: (1) I can speak 5 languages and I wish to learn more. (2) The achievement I am most proud of is I quitted my previous job and accepted MSBA offer from the University of Iowa to moving towards the life I dream of.***
